[docs][material] Add note to autocomplete (#36483)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/autocomplete/autocomplete.md

The first argument of this render prop contains props that you need to forward.
Pay specific attention to the `ref` and `inputProps` keys.

:::warning
If you're using a custom input component inside the Autocomplete, you might need to include `forwardRef`. 

> When incorporating the mui's `TextField` component, you should pass `ref` to `inputRef`.

Reviewer: "mui" is not a great descriptor in this case. Instead, let's add a link to the Text Field doc so there's no confusion about what we're referring to.

```suggestion
When incorporating the [Text Field](/material-ui/react-text-field/) component, you should pass `ref` to `inputRef`.
```

Author: That feels better, thank you 😄

> If you are using custom input component to render in Autocomplete, pay much attention for `ref` prop.
> You might need forwardRef for your custom input and you should pass `ref` to `inputRef` when using mui's `TextField`.

Reviewer: Here's how I would phrase this (if I'm understanding it correctly):

```suggestion
If you're using a custom input component inside the Autocomplete, you might need to include `forwardRef`. 
When incorporating the Text Field component, you should pass `ref` to `inputRef`.
```

Author: Yes, now it looks better

> When incorporating the [Text Field](/material-ui/react-text-field/) component, you should pass `ref` to `inputRef`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using the [Text Field](/material-ui/react-text-field/) component, you should pass `ref` to `inputRef`.
```

Author: This is a note for a pit fall. You only need to pass spreaded `params` into TextField if it is mui's, but other are not
